---
layout: post # 使用的布局（不需要改）
title: My First Post # 标题
subtitle: Hello World, Hello Blog # 副标题
date: 2019-04-01 # 时间
author: Gwod # 作者
header-img: img/post-bg-2015.jpg # 这篇文章标题背景图片
catalog: true # 是否归档
tags: # 标签
  - Life
---

## Hey

> This is my first blog article.

It's time to begin. Actually, this blog has been built in January,
however, I didn't write any word until now. Comparing the trivial work to build
a personal website, writing in English is more difficult, isn't it? But delaying
cannot make any sense, and perhaps this Fool's Day is a good point to start.
After all, as Jobs said:

> Keep hungry, keep foolish.

## Why I built this blog

The first reason is to practice English. As well known, publishing SCI papers is
a tough task for PhD students in China. Not only for research itself, but
also writing in English is so difficult for most Chinese students, including me.
Therefore, it is an imperative procedure to improve this skills and maybe
writing blog articles is just the best way. Through it one can summarize all the
learned and share it to the global world. If posts can be written in English at
the same time, the capacity of using this foreign language absolutely would be
improved too, even though the written passages may look like a pile of bull shit. 

## What I will do using this blog

I appreciate my teacher Zhigang Zhang's opinions about writing tricks on the
course "How to write technical papers in English":

- Use simple English
- When you write, do not edit
- Write at a regular time for a fixed time
- Keep an “every day book”
- Read the work of good writers
- Read the instruction to authors

Consequently, this blog would follow these principles. I would read some
excellent work and use simple English to summarize it and write notes as blog
articles to put out.

## Credits

The idea of using GitHub Pages plus Jekyll to build a personal blog is from this
article:
[理想的写作环境：Git+Github+Markdown+Jekyll](https://www.yangzhiping.com/tech/writing-space.html).
This website template is used from the pretty work of
[qiubaiying](https://github.com/qiubaiying/qiubaiying.github.io).

If you also approve the idea and think this blog looks good, you can follow the
above link to build one by yourself. Trust me, it's very easy to start and you
would find that you can create many more possibilities via it.

Okay, that's all. Here we go:)
